Add some missing FFI safe types (#42)
ANSSI-FR/rust-guide: src/en/07_ffi.md

- `repr(C)`-annotated `struct`,
- `repr(C)` or `repr(Int)`-annotated `enum` with at least one variant and only
  fieldless variants (where `Int` is an integral primitive type),

> - pointers,
> - an `Option<T>` where `T` is either
>   - `core::ptr::NonNull<U>` and `U` is a `Sized` C-compatible type, then it is

Reviewer: The part with the pointers (such as `*mut U`) forget to express the `U` is a `Sized` ... invariant that `Option<ptr::NonNull<U>>` do.

I'd weaken the C-compatible bound on `U`, but explicit the `Sized`requirement:

```suggestion
- pointers to some type `Pointee`, where:
  - `Pointee : Sized`,
  - `Pointee` is either a C-compatible type too (and only then can the pointer be dereferenced by the C side), or it is not, in which case it must be treated as a pointer to an opaque object (_c.f._, the dedicated section \[FIXME:add link\]).
- an `Option<T>` where `T` is either
  - `core::ptr::NonNull<Pointee>` where `Pointee` meets the constraints mentioned for the pointer case.
```

      compatible to a `*const T` and `*mut T` pointer;
  - `core::num::NonZero*`, then is compatible to the corresponding integral
      primitive type;

> - a `repr(transparent)`-annotated `struct` with only one field, where that

Reviewer 2: You're allowed to have more than one field if one is a align-1 ZST. This is common for PhantomData, for example.

Reviewer 3: You're even allowed to have an arbitrary amount of align-1 ZSTs, however this seemed very similar to the ZST restrictions below. The list style itself is not exactly exhaustive in either case. I have not yet seen any such use whereas I did find use for all other cases that I've listed.
